The system on which we conducted our simulations consisted of a simple single-atom particle enviroment, consisting of 100 and later 
of 216 atoms. The element we used was argon. Becuase of its inert state and single-atom nature (it does not create diatom structures 
as a gas or fluid) [tutorail], it prooves as a reliable candidate for the simulations where we only wanted to observe the dynamics of phase
transition, without any interference through molecule formation or dipolar interactions. The experiment consited of three parts:
The transition from the gas state to the liquid state, then back to the gas state, and finally from the liquid to the solid state.
The goal behind this was to observe the shift of potential energy thorughout the different transitions and its correlation 
with the temperature within the system. We also calculated the radial distribution of the argon atoms throughout the various states
and the diffusion constant.

Methods

As our system particle we used argon with 100 atoms for the transition from gas to liquid and back to gas, and 216 atoms for the
transition from liquid to solid. Since the simulation was run on a single-atom system, the force-field, where the only relevant terms 
were the Pauli-Repulsion and London-dispersion, could be kept very simple. The Pauli-Repulsion describes the force that prevents 
atoms from overlapping[1], while the London-dispersion describes the effects of induced dipol-dipol interaction[2]. The simulations were
done with Gromacs. To simulate the various transitions we adjusted the temperatures accordingly. To validate 
the outcome of the phase transition we visualized the simulation with PyMol, where the observations confirmed our assumptions.
We then extracted the potential and temperature curves with the gromacs "energy" command. For the diffusion constant we used "g_msd",
while the radial distribution was calculated using "g_rdf". The plots were created with "xmgrace".

1. On the Theory of Quantum Mechanics, P. A. M. Dirac, Proceedings of the Royal Society of London, Series A 112, #762 (October 1, 1926), pp. 661—677.
2. London, F. (1930), "Zur Theorie und Systematik der Molekularkräfte"

